Shawn the R0ck -- May 16 2012, Beijing

The Guile version works. I will show you how to make it work. In most
ubuntu-like GNU/Linux distributions is not installed the
en_US.ISO-8859-15 at default. So you need to add the one to your
system:

#localedef -c -i en_US -f ISO-8859-15 en_US.ISO-8859-15
#locale-gen

It's a little bit of different implementation from different encoding
format, which the ISO-8859-15 is the byte-string implementation( just
like C programming language) and UNICODE is the character-string
implementation. So if you intend to write your exploit in Guile, the
only thing you need to do is to add a line of code into the 1st line
of source code:

(setlocale LC_ALL "en_US.iso88591")

I reported this bug to NalaGinrut a few days agao. He disscused the
issue with Andy Wingo, and they sent me the solution. They also talked
about the character-string is the future trend in functional language
including python version 3. Thanks to them!

Now we can feel free to write exploit test in Guile.

May L0rd's hacking spirit guide us!!!


Shawn the R0ck -- May 13 2012, Beijing

This is a sample program that can overwrite the EIP register. I wrote
3 programming languages version: C, python and Guile/Scheme. But only
the 1st two are works. I don't know why Guile version have something
wrong with exploit to overwrite the eip register. Fortunately, this is
just a sample code. So only the C code is neccessary.

How to use the code:
#make

C version:
shawn$#./attack
The address of func test(): 0x8048454, func fuck_me(): 0x8048482
AAAAAAAAAABBBBCCCC�� 
being hacked
Segmentation fault

You need to check the fuck_me()'s address. It might be different with
mine. That's only stuff you need to modify in these attack
files(attack.c, attack.py, attack.scm).

python version:
#python attack.py

Guile version:
#guile -l attack.scm

Anyone can help me fix the Guile version? I would really appreciate that.

Happy hacking!

If you need more further reading, download the paper:
http://www.exploit-db.com/download_pdf/17008
